To Add:
    Find something to map <BS> to.
    Allow navigation via mouse
        Have a look at what acme(1) does, and what vim(1) already does.

To Fix:
    Folds close after certain commands:
        :move +
            Foldmethod marker, syntax, foldexpr, indent -- always closes folds.
            foldmethod=manual -- doesn't close fold
    When recording macros and the keymap option is set, running the macro
        ignores the keymap option.
        macros are ran like a mapping
        Only matters when iminsert=1 or imsearch is not 0 or 2
    Why does the backtick-expansion not work on Linux?
        Is the statement that it works on Unix literally Unix?
    Pymode folding sometimes just goes away -- figure out why and when.
    Syntax highlighting after argdo on first command.
        This is something to do with when the syntax parsing happens -- I
        remember bairui pointing something out on #vim.
        Basically if a buffer has an argument applied to it using :bufdo or
        :argdo before it gets viewed then the syntax doesn't get applied to it.
    Neovim doesn't accept my <LeftRelease> mapping.
        This seems to be a problem with that key and not with the mapping I'm
        asking for (many different mappings all don't work).
        Attempting to map <RightRelease> also doesn't work.
    Have a look at syntax checking capabilities of Neomake -- can it replace Syntastic?
    Heard there is a version of ctrlp that is more maintained -- have a look
    Remove all colorschemes I don't use
        currently use:
            molokai
            apprentice
            hybrid
            techras
            autumn
            pylight
        Search for others I like
    Possibly remove the SetColors script


Strange un-reproducible things I noticed once:
    Half of 'scrollbind' setting functionality happening with 'noscrollbind'
    set.
        A strange thing I noticed once: I used :Gblame to see when a line was
        added, then followed the commit number in the annotation line of that
        :Gblame, after closing that buffer, I noticed that 'scrollbind' was set
        in the two remaining windows viewing the original file buffer.
        After unsetting that value, some remnants of 'scrollbind' appeared to
        be active.
        This didn't persist over different buffers, but when changing back to
        two side-by-side windows viewing the same buffer it came back.
        Scrolling wasn't bound completely, only vertical scrolling once one
        window had reached the end of the buffer.
        Jumping was bound together.

Bug raised, not fixing myself just yet:
    Python-mode ^A when a number at the end of the line, removes space before
        the number.
        Something to do with setting the cursor position in indentexpr.
        Doing git-bisect found the problem in commit
        906eff560e0ab1ce037b6f7088ffb23aa9a4959a
    Python-mode after saving file, the ':s' command now replaces matching
        pattern with nothing.
        Can't find any way to save the previous replace pattern (other than a
        hack with s/^/~/ and exe 's/^/'oldpattern'/')
        Have registered a feature request with neovim.
    When using sneak-streak in C files, the folds close after selection.
        I believe this is because C files have a foldmethod=syntax
        In order to handle something with concealed characters, sneak streak
        removes the syntax while working and turns it back on when it's done.
        This means the syntax folds get unfolded and reinitialised.
        Counter this by switching foldmethod to manual and then back.
           Don't know if there's a better way.
    Lawrencium error message at start of vim if not in mercurial repository.
        Comes from the lawrencium#setup_buffer_commands() function, that calls
        lawrencium#hg_repo() which calls lawrencium#throw() only to be caught.

Repo organisation:
    Find a nice method to update the colorschemes.
    Keep a list of all changed/added keybord shortcuts.

Possible extras:
    Lisp ftplugin - map C-e and C-y to "move in sexp" up and down respectively.

Plugins possibly to remove:
    python-mode - cannabalise the motion commands and create a compile file for pylint2
        What I use:
            Motion commands --> see what I have in patches
            Folding         --> autoload/pymode/folding.vim
                                Maybe modify this a bit to take account of closures
            Lint            --> Make a compiler file for pylint2 and python2-pep8


Keys that are valid mappings (i.e. don't directly overwrite anything):
     z .. {p,q,u,y,B,I,J,K,P,Q,S,T,U,V,Y,Z}
     Z .. [^ZQ]
     [ .. something
     ] .. something
     c .. something
     d .. something
     y .. something
     g .. something
     \ .. something

Keys I don't use:
    spelling mappings (actually, just very rarely use them)
    Q
    gQ
    ZQ
    ZZ
    S


Neovim:

Things to add
    Use the Alt keys for useful things everywhere (yay for LeoNerds' libtermkey)
    Make the equivalent of the :terminal buffer that allows modification of the
    buffer.
        i.e. I want something like the acme(1) win(1) buffer.
        This is different to my vsh stuff because all output from the terminal
        and input into the terminal would be done at the end of the buffer.
        I imagine this would be more useful depending on what you want to do.
